Emma Watson: The Remains of the Day by Kazuo Ishiguro

“Ishiguro's novel is one of her favorites for its expression of the consequences of discretion, Watson told Harper's BAZAAR UK in 2011. "When I was growing up, my family, particularly my father, were very stoic," she revealed. "Part of me is very resentful of this British mentality that it's not good to express feelings of any kind – that it's not proper or brave."

Hilary Clinton: The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“[It] made a lasting impression on me when I read it as a young woman; I intend to reread it this summer to see what I now think about it.”

Mark Zuckerberg: The Idea Factory by Jon Gertner
“I'm very interested in what causes innovation--what kinds of people, questions and environments. This book explores that question by looking at Bell Labs, which was one of the most innovative labs in history.”

Winston Churchill: The Time Machine by H. G. Wells:
 “[It is] a wonderful book, in the same class as Gulliver’s Travels. It is one of the books I would like to take with me to Purgatory.”


Angela Merkel: Faust by Goethe

“this work gives you an idea of why we Germans want to get to the bottom of things. It also poses important questions about the responsibilities of a scientist”

Pope Francis: The Betrothed by Alessandro Manzoni
“I have read The Bethrothed, by Alessandro Manzoni,” three times, ad I have it now on my table because I want to read it again. Manzoni gave me so much. When I was a child, my grandmother taught me by heart the beginning of The Betrothed

Marissa Mayer (CEO of Yahoo): The Design of Everyday Things by Donald Norman

“I think a lot about design and products and how things should work. But it makes you notice things that can be infuriating. Like, why does my sandwich shop have meat all the way over there? At the same time, it makes you think about design in new ways because when you use something everyday it needs to be absolutely efficient and not get in your way. It’s cool to be able to articulate and discuss that on a level that is really accessible and interesting”

Nelson Mandela: The Grapes of Wrath John Steinbeck

I read many American novels, and recall especially John Steinbeck’s The Grapes of Wrath, in which I found many similarities between the plight of migrant workers in that novel and our own laborers and farmworkers” 

Ellen Degeneres: Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close by Jonathan Safran Foer

“Jonathan is one of my favourite authors, and this book is absolutely incredible. The book is about a brilliant 9-year old boy named Oskar who’s father died on September 11th. Oskar is an inventor with an incredible imagination who tries to find the lock tat belongs to a mysterious key he finds in his father’s closet. It’s a beautiful book that’s both hilarious and incredibly moving. I hope you’ll read it.”


Paul Krugman: An Enquiry concerning Human understanding by David Hume

“I was at that stage, a college sophomore, or thereabouts, when you’re searching around looking for belief systems. I think it’s actually a point when you’re quite vulnerable because you are looking for someone who is going to offer you all the answers...Then I read Hume’s Enquiry, this wonderful, humane book saying that nobody has all the answers. What we know is what we have evidence for. We do the best we can, but anybody who claims to be able to deduce or have revelations about The Truth – with both Ts capitalized—is wrong. It doesn’t work that way. The only reasonable way to approach life is with an aittude of humane skepticism. I felt that a great weight had been lifted from my shoulders when I read that book.”
